Adding Support for 4 new cloudflare_teams_* resources and additional README.md Improvements (#669)
cloudflare/cf-terraforming: README.md

expected to look like and once the tool parses the API response, we can compare
that to the static file.

Suggested local testing steps:

> 1. Create a main file (do not commit this up)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a file with the basic provider configuration (do not commit this file)
```

>       ```bash

Reviewer: can you outdent these please? we don't need indentation + code blocks in markdown so let's keep it consistent with the existing format of outdented + code fences.

      cat > main.tf <<EOF
                  terraform {
                    required_providers {
                      cloudflare = {
                        source = "cloudflare/cloudflare"
                        version = "~> 4"
                      }
                    }
                  }
                  EOF
      ```

2. Initialize terraform

      ```bash
      terraform init
      ```  

> 3. Run tests (Cloudflare Install path should be path to repository)

Reviewer: if you initiliase `terraform` in the same directory as `cf-terraforming`, this shouldn't be needed as it defaults to `.`.

Author: I actually tried this an it still failed. Potentially its not set to the root directory of the project. I am going to just add it to the make file and we will see if it causes issues or if you don't like that solution.

    ```bash
    CLOUDFLARE_TERRAFORM_INSTALL_PATH=~/gh/cf-terraforming make test
    ```

If you want to run a specific test case you can do so with the TESTARGS variable and -run flag

```bash

> CLOUDFLARE_TERRAFORM_INSTALL_PATH=~/gh/cf-terraforming TESTARGS="-run '^TestResourceGeneration/cloudflare_teams_list'" make test

Reviewer: similar to https://github.com/cloudflare/cf-terraforming/pull/669/files#r1451844016
